---
title: "(No Title)"
date: "2002-11-21T00:32:00"
---

I'd seen him in Starbuck's before, caught him watching me more than once. He is tall and elegant, in his late fifties, greying, but in a good way. His taste in clothing is impeccable and ageless. He has the kind of physique that makes me think he could have worn those exact clothes when he was twenty, with the same effect. When he came in today, I realized right away I was sitting in His Chair, the chair in which he sips and reads the Kansas City Star. I'd finished with the paper by then, and was returning it to the rack on my way out the door. (I admit I was planning to steal--was in the very process of stealing, in fact--one page of the paper, containing the column about the new positive findings on the Dr. Atkin's Diet.) He saw me walking toward the rack and rose from his seat on the couch to greet me. He seemed as if he'd been waiting for such an opportunity. "Anything good in that paper?" he asked, his white teeth gleaming and his eyes smiling. A classic pick-up line if I've ever heard one. "It's all good," I stammered, like a silly schoolgirl. I left the shop then, but realized after I was in my car that I'd forgotten something inside. He was now standing in front of His Chair, trying to piece back together the hopelessly disheveled paper, section by section, page by page. I should have told him not to waste his time looking for page A8, but I didn't. He didn't meet my eyes again, and won't ever, I'm thinking. Something told him it just wasn't meant to be.
