---
title: "(No Title)"
date: "2002-08-07T12:56:00"
---

It's 7 a.m. I wake myself up without an alarm, happy not to hear it, since I feel a migraine in the making. I stumble to the kitchen to put on the coffee. Someone has left Mr. Coffee turned on all night, and he's burnt to a crisp. And smells bad, too. I do not swear. I scrub the caked on, crusty residue from the bottom of the pot, and fill it with fresh morning water. It is a new day. I pour the water through the machine, and set the cafafe on its burner, gingerly. The burner is still sizzling from its all-night affair. Looking back, it's possible I didn't set the carafe squarely on its burner. In fact, it might have been about half on, half off. Nevertheless, I move forward. I grind the Starbucks, add it to the filter, slap it shut, turn it on, and go back to bed. It's 7:05 a.m. The coffee pot is finishing its work, and the noise awakens me. I am happy it's not the alarm, since my migraine is building rapidly. I stumble to the kitchen to pour the coffee. Someone has set the carafe onto the burner at such an angle that none--none!--of the brew has landed in the pot. Not one drop of ten cups. I do not swear. I am momentarily relieved when I see how little of the liquid is on the countertop. What am I thinking? If not here, where? It's 7:45 a.m. Sometime today, we may finish mopping up coffee and scooping up slimy grounds from the inner reaches of the silverware drawer. We will certainly break out the shop-vac and suck up what remains of my morning libation from behind the stove. I retire to my bedroom. It's 8 a.m. Doug walks in and serves me a mug of the stuff. Why he chose the mug with the picture of dice on it, I cannot guess. "For such a little mistake," he says, "it sure made an awfully big mess." We laugh, and hug, and forget to swear. God's mercies are still new every morning.
