---
title: "(No Title)"
date: "2002-06-27T00:36:00"
---

Normally, I don't do fashion commentary, but I just can't help myself. The prosperous county in Kansas which adjoins my tax-disadvantaged county in Missouri sometimes attracts my business. We go to the movies over there, my favorite Walmart is there, and all the best garage sales are there. By best, I mean the hosts of the garage sales "change their colors" every six months. I am the happy beneficiary of newly upholstered couches and wing chairs, and rooms full of solid wood furniture purchased for a fraction of their value because they'd fallen from fashion grace. I haven't been privileged to visit the inside of more than a few of these homes, but many of the subdivisions restrict the colors of outside paint to white and three shades of beige. Shutters provide a little more excitement, all the way from sea-foam green to Williamsburg blue. Whoopee. I've always told myself these folks express their creativity in other ways, perhaps through their work, or through their dress. Until today, when I happened upon a women's clothing store called J. Jills. Doug and I stood mesmerized, window notshopping, and could see the entire store from our vantage point on the sidewalk of the upscale shopping center. Every item, from pants to skirts to tops to accessories, was one of three colors--white, pale aqua, and Johnson County beige. All I know is, if [J. Jills'](http://www.jjill.com/shopsearchitmcat.asp?AreaID=OL&SizeID=1&selDept=1&shopperid=P57K805CHHS92PTD00A3HN9UERAL9HFD)customers get in the mood to change their colors, they'll be out of luck.
